(1) Introduction
These terms and conditions govern your use of Début Art Ltd's © website; by using our website, you accept these terms and conditions in full. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, do not use our website.
(2) Intellectual property rights
Unless otherwise stated, we, our artists, or our clients own the intellectual property rights in the website and/or material on the website. Subject to the licence below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
(3) Licence to use website
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions below.
You must not:
1.	republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
2.	sell, rent or otherwise sub-license material on the website;
3.	reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on our website for a commercial purpose;
4.	edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or
5.	redistribute material from this website except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution
Where content is specifically made available for redistribution, it may only be redistributed within your business or to your clients for presentation only.
(4) Limitations of liability
The information on this website is provided free-of-charge, and you acknowledge that it would be unreasonable to hold us liable in respect of this website and the information on this website.
Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up-to-date.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions (including, without limitation, the conditions implied by law of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and the use of reasonable care and skill).
Our liability is limited and excluded to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law. We will not be liable for any direct or indirect loss or damage arising under these terms and conditions or in connection with our website, whether arising in tort, contract, or otherwise. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing exclusion, we will not be liable for any loss of profit, contracts, business, goodwill, data, income, revenue or anticipated savings arising under terms and conditions or in connection with our website, whether direct or indirect, and whether arising in tort, contract, or otherwise.
However, nothing in these terms and conditions shall exclude or limit our liability for fraud, for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, or for any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.